[Music]
The macr lawsuits are announced and then they are not
seen man well you see no I mean
the weekend seems to be coming
loaded with news obviously
positive for us no And it is that uh they are
going to sue us again well another
lawsuit well the infinite box well okay There
are jinxes of the trade I understand no I
mean Anabel Pantoja announces macr lawsuits
lawsuit in fact macr lawsuit because she is going to
sue a lot of people a
lot of people I want to remind you that
we will surely win many more
lawsuits very probably we will win
many more lawsuits okay because tomorrow
we start on YouTube on the
main channel The weekly podcast discussion
with Francua Okay every Sunday at
9 at night on the main channel
we are going to have a date we are going to be
Francua and I well going over all the
moves of the week talking about
current events talking about our things and we
are going to have a guest for now we are going to
have a guest we are going to be
Chatting with him we are going to be well
commenting on current events with this
guest that we bring every week for
now  we have a guest who for
me is uh a fan fantasy So the fact that
Iker Jiménez is going to premiere this project with us seems like an
absolute fantasy to me So Okay tesa a
kiss queen How beautiful you look
premiering that goal a kiss tesa do
you want to Browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content of your favorite platforms
like Netflix hbo Max or Disney Plus
cyberghost VPN And I don't know if you
know but there is content that is not available in your country
and with this
little trick you can access all the
content wherever you are I don't know if you know
what a VPN is but it's an extension
that you put on your internet with which it
masks the IP and apart from browsing
completely safely and anonymously without
anyone being able to know who you are and where you are It
helps you access some
content that is blocked in your
country there are movies and series on your
favorite platforms that are not
available there are television programs
for example on mediaset content that
if you try to watch them outside of Spain
they have a geoblock that doesn't
allow it Well with cyberghost VPN that's
over apart from being protected
browsing under the  anonymity you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet in addition you will have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra-fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live broadcasts without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of this 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and
watch out because you can try Cyber ​​Ghost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and they
will return the psa So don't wait any longer
to protect your connection and improve your
internet experience run click on the
link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer cyberghost VPN to
browse completely free and secure we
continue with the video to me the truth is
that well Well look if they are going to
sue us and they are going to sue us a lot,
then we will respond when it
comes No, we will see them coming but
for now tomorrow I am going to enjoy the day
tomorrow I am going to enjoy the premiere of
the jungla podcast on the main channel
with our first guest Don Iker
Jiménez okay  Tomorrow we have Iker
Jiménez on the main channel Francua and
I, I mean, go three no I mean, go go TR
tomorrow no go TR tomorrow no go three
Hey, at 9 I didn't fail because it's the
premiere I didn't fail because it's the premiere I
mean, I hope that tomorrow you're all there
sharing, giving likes and all that
stuff What happened, well, yesterday
a colleague called me and told me Javi that they're going to
sue us a lot and I said who's going to
sue me the most please, more sue I
don't think I have like How many trials
can I have this year I mean I don't even know
how old I am I don't know how many trials I have to
go to this year between the ones I
put on and the ones they put on me
Okay and his wife because you don't take her
too sea because she's not a person it's by
video call and then I don't know how it feels
very uncomfortable for me and a little
uh a little organic you know for 40
minutes or so we'll have the guest
uh having two people also by
video call is complicated it's complicated
I have a very good relationship with Carmen
eh I mean eh always when I've spoken
with Iker it's been eh  Because I have
Carmen's phone number. No, she gave it to me
so I could talk to her and she's a
sweetheart and well. Well, hopefully another
time in person but I only told her
there because it's a
video call, not for anything else. I hope so. I hope
so. Then
at night we'll come over here at
10:30 11 we'll come over here with
Marinilla because I think Marina
has an exclusive on the subject tomorrow. Well, I'm
not going to tell you what subject it is but I think
Marina tomorrow
uh Carmen deserves her own chat in fact of
course exactly alanne of course and
then we'll come over here I think
Marina has some exclusive tomorrow that's
going to be quite interesting that will
surely be the topic of the week uh
when we give it she was telling me something
now on WhatsApp but well Tomorrow we
will confirm it YouTube channels or rather
These are this is all the people who are going to
sue Anabel Pantoja Okay According to
Lidia loano tomorrow it will be 10
YouTube channels 10 YouTube channels or rather
where there are 10 YouTube channels to
that I can sue, I think this
is one in the Canary Islands at 8, very good, very
good note Marusa, I never say it,
eh, I never remember to say it, eh, but yes, yes, yes, of course,
yes, yes, of course, in the Canary Islands at
8, eh, 10 YouTube channels, there aren't
10 YouTube channels, I can't think of
10 YouTube channels that are
talking about this topic,
eh. And that they can receive lawsuits, the
truth. I mean, 10, I mean, if you tell me maybe there are
a couple of channels that
have dealt with the topic that have made a mistake
in a live show or whatever,
then I would tell you. Well, but I also
tell you, to file a lawsuit you have to
be very sure. I mean, no, I can't think of anything. I can't
even think of
four channels that I can sue
from what I've seen, eh. I also
tell you that I haven't seen all the, I haven't
seen all the live shows, I haven't seen
all the videos that all the
colleagues have made because I don't see them, I don't
even see the ones I get along with,
but the ones I've seen little by little, eh.
Thank you very much Isabel small contribution I
love you churra cara throwing a
kiss cara throwing a kiss Thank you very much
that you just reminded me of
something in the last telesalseo live
when I went to clear you guys that I have to
fix it, I don't know where I can
touch it but in the salseria it is not like that I
mean then I understand that it will be a
configuration thing that in the salseria it is
not there but here in telesalseo it is And it
is that when you go with a little
delay, I mean I do notice it in the chat
for example look now I'm going to say
look now I'm going to say when I
count when I count to three
I want all of you to put a one
in the chat okay look one pay attention to me eh
When I when I count to three
Put a one in the chat okay look a
two and three Okay well then I'm going
to let you know now When do I start
reading it so that you can see the delay
that we have okay I realize because
many times we are talking about things
and it takes you maybe a few seconds to
answer me and that delay look now  I
start watching the first one now now
people are putting the one you see it
look you see it okay there's a little delay
what's going on well the other day I already said
goodbye and I was closing the live and
when I was already in the salseria he
writes to me I don't know if it was acne no I don't
know if it was acne or or russel I don't
remember who and he tells me that they just
made a super chat for 500 you haven't even
seen it and Salomé the other day in the
last live that we did sent a
super chat for 500 okay a super chat for
500 yes it's 5 10 seconds No it's not much
but oh well The Thing Is that I closed of
course I closed the live when you
close the live and when you
close the live a
finished screen appears not with everything that
the members have donated to you that they have
given you and so on and they appeared well I think it
was a hundred and some Euro I don't remember
something like that I don't remember of course it didn't
count on the final screen it didn't
count then when they have
Two days have passed and I've seen, eh, I've
seen that they've counted it. Come on,
man, YouTube takes away 30% and all that
nonsense, but it's brutal. I mean, from
here, send a kiss to Salomé because she's
always supporting us. Eh, with the
tweets, I already love it because she always
tweets about the super-timely clips
and already a support in these moments when you
know that she's trying to be a fan.
Well, I appreciate support like that,
but it's huge, okay, Javi,
people have posted it before you
said anything. I don't know how they find out, I just do
n't understand. Ah, Macarena, because
maybe there are people that I don't know, maybe there
are people who have less dislike,
that also happens, they have spoken about the
subject to a collaborator, to several
confidential people, to a collaborator, to several
confidential people, to a Sara B, a kiss,
queen, who are you in the photo with? a kiss,
Sara. Thank you very much. Well, today I
posted for for for Look, well, because we
always have the same objective, eh, the
objective. Well, the objective is the subject at hand, no, they're
not going to silence us, they're not going to  to
shut up and when all
these demands that they tell us and all
these complaints start arriving, well we'll fight,
okay, obviously with the live stream from the
other day, okay, by the way,
the attorney still hasn't charged me for
the response Joan Planas, okay, I'm
telling you because the moment they
charge me I'll show you the bill And I'll
say, Hey, look, it was so much that he
charged me but he still hasn't given it to me, I don't care
So yes, yes, these people, it's
true that they file a complaint and
admit it for processing the thing about the geeks,
man, well, you want it to not go to
trial, it doesn't go to trial no matter what
happens, because what they intend is what they
intend, no, of course, Pablo will have to
respond. Pablo will have to be surrounded by
very good followers, man, Elena, we already
know the best community, but man,
not only because of the Super chats, but also
because of the Super chats, the
members, eh, the likes, the comments.
Well, today I uploaded a blog, today I finally
uploaded the New York blog and the
comments have been incredible, but
specifically, why is he going to report for
talking, everything has become  the Crazy World
I this about Anabel Wait I'm going to finish
the clip and I'll tell you about the television dinner
and I'm missing I'm missing two zeros
to equal Salomé hands in prayer
hands in prayer it's that Salomé
has left the bar a little high eh I mean I think I think it
's the biggest super chat they've ever
given in life no but in the
life of my three channels no donkey does it
sound like someone has ever
given eh a bigger super chat I do
n't even know if it's possible to give a
bigger super chat than that but I think in
life let's see I know that in you know eh there was
an eh What were they called in you know well
the people who support not the people who
support you and there was one person one
night who only the equivalent I don't know if it
was 1000 1500 eh And I think it was the
craziest night but a super chat in a
single super chat I think Salomé has broken
the record eh
I think Salomé has broken the record eh tremendous eh tremendous a program in  specific but that's what I
say no, I mean because in this
Forgive me but I'm a bit lost,
personally, what Anabel said, I'm going to
listen to Alberto Mené's opinion here
okay But what Anabel said, look, it doesn't even
add up to me that there are 10 youtubers who
could have put their foot in it okay,
maybe three come to mind at most
and I'm giving you more I
'm giving you more there's a lady who
once gave 500 tesa 500 in the same
super chat Well, several No maybe not Yes well
Sure yes it could be that there was it
could be that there was a night like that no that too
but well my goodness
and the 10 youtubers thing Look, I'm telling you, I'm telling you
at most three and I'm already getting ahead of myself
and I'm already getting ahead of myself
three come to mind that maybe
live they could have said something
or some headline some thumbnail that
you say well Okay, the thing is that a lawsuit,
clo 10 lawsuits, you have to
win a lawsuit, otherwise you have to pay the
costs apart from what it costs you
put it you know and he's going to sue 10
youtubers I don't know how many confidential ones I
see it bluff eh And he's not going to sue the
Canary Islands court that made the
statement thoughtful face face asking for
silence face with mouth closed with a
zipper I don't know to what extent the law
protects it I don't know Carmen the truth why
with you Ho and always Javi red heart
Thank you very much Gladi thank you very much
hearts Thank you very much Carmen Thank you
all Well I don't know the truth to
what extent what the
Canary Islands court did is illegal I don't think it's
illegal no another thing is that you find it
more or less ethical to do it but I don't think it's
illegal But anyway eh let's
listen to Albert's opinion but
this issue of lawsuits when they are
announced so many people are going
to sue Fidel and Rocío Carrasco the
macr sues the lawsuits you know Antonio
avid How many lawsuits was macr going to file against
tele5 I'll see when they start arriving then I'll
see Ah Rodolfo Sancho no
Rodolfo Sancho the number of people who were going to
sue also
the macr sues the youtubers too no  the
protection of minors the law for the protection of
minors that
some medical report could have been leaked that shouldn't have been
leaked. Yes, there is a media outlet that
leaked a series of details of
the minor's health that yes, I do believe that one
attention because I would pursue in this case
both the one who leaked and the one who gave that
information, yes, it is
sensitive information protected by a law
for the protection of minors and another thing
is the defamation about them the issue
of the No, I wish I had 500 to spare to
give you Javi man Noa I wish, I wish we
had all 500 to spare eh but I think 500 no, we don't have
enough for almost anyone, Salomé
only, Salomé only no man listen to me
Salomé I understand that it's not that she has enough, what
happens is that man, well, she doesn't
want much And then things are
undignified, I mean, many times the people
who donate and who have supported the
cause, this box and so on. No, it's not
because she has money to spare, there's never enough money
for anyone, there's
never enough money, but  Man, that's enough,
no longer let them try to step on your
neck, no, the thing about the 10 YouTubers is going to
be like the criminal complaint that
awaits us, face rolling with laughter, watch out, watch out, what
awaits you, eh, but Pily, you would
also be, you would also be eh,
sued, I mean, you're also in the
group because that means we'll see each other. I
can give you the shirt because
when I went to Valencia I didn't realize, well,
what was I going to say, was I going to say something? Oh, about the
Elena thing. Thank you very much, hey,
five members. Thank you very much, Elena,
gorgeous.
And about that thing they said, like,
a seizure, I don't know what, let's see,
Canarias 7 said that. I don't know. I don't know
to what extent, for example, I
was talking about this with a colleague that I
spoke to yesterday on the phone, okay, she
called me. eh. Because she said, man, of course, the fact that
the
news about Canarias 7 has been echoed. Look, for
example, I know that one night we mentioned it
here. But when the subject of that
was already being talked about everywhere, not
in their soles.  had appeared in such No but
I don't know to what extent that you read the
article from Canarias 7 once
Canarias 7 has published it that you read it
no for example there were youtubers who
at night reported host Look at what
Look at what Canarias 7 has published
no I don't know to what extent man Look over
there there is the colleague with whom
I spoke on the phone, she is over there Look at her
over there Let's give it to her I say
kufla Javi those demands or complaints
are unlikely to prosper except for some
other it is that we would have to see the
content I no I can't Look over there she is
24 hours sweetheart okay she is my
friend my colleague with whom I was
speaking with last night on the phone
about this subject precisely okay
subscribe to her channel if there is
someone who is not yet okay and let's
see
Carmen I don't know it's not that we don't
know either what it is that we don't know
what has been said on other channels
because it's that I don't see it but due to time
and that I don't see it but of those that I have
listened to wizard but I  I haven't been to
Paris for real you're really stupid
dude you're a [ __ ] idiot dude you
're really [ __ ] annoying me wizard they were
on Twitter now like messing with me
because I uploaded the photo this afternoon and I say in
Paris for Valentine's Day and there were four
[ __ ] answering Oh yeah no That's what you
went to that's what the
cash register is for and it's like [ __ ] I
'm not in Paris Really it's a
restaurant in Seville that imitates
Paris imitates as if you were in Paris
and also listen to me it's well done eh I don't know
if you've seen it but how am I going to go
sextor to Paris Well you're watching me
that I'm here idiot you're [ __ ] [ __ ]
eh I mean there are people who
really believe that I went to Paris
to eat this afternoon and there were
comments messing with me because oh did
n't your followers give you the money the other day
and now you spent it not
on food let's see when you see me in the summer
eating espeto there yes it's worth it but but
for a meal I see it exaggerated
to spend that money on not
even eating We're not at that level some  one
day we will arrive I read it and I was laughing my head off
Javi but I think they put it there
on purpose Look wizard says well blog from
Seville son don't [ __ ] with me
wizard What are you doing here if this is
the gentlemen here we are talking about the
heart you've gone to give birth with
Salomé's 500 Well Salomé surely wouldn't
mind she would gladly give them to me
Anyway [ __ ] but he would have been I mean he would have been
handsome and to Paris to eat eh today eh Can you
imagine I'm not going to Paris to eat for
Valentine's Day then at night
live on telesalseo Also today I have a
lot of work because today I have to
do a live telesalseo then I'm going
to the salsería I have to record a video
for the main channel and I have to eh
prepare tomorrow's live with Iker
Jiménez and Fran I mean today I'll probably be here most of
the night probably almost the whole
time if I go to Paris to eat
Tomorrow you'll [ __ ] with me I mean but I would have been I
would have been the
scoundrel of the time right can you
imagine  I would have been a scoundrel of the
time, eh And now I get here at night
and I set a goal, can you imagine Can you
imagine I'm going to eat in Paris, nothing One
weekend I'm going to eat
in Paris and at night I arrive and I set
a goal here, shameless of the
time, eh but I'm capable eh I'm capable eh
that also They want to put that in that
macro demand that there I am with Kiko
Matamoros I see it not complicated not
basically impossible impossible but
anyway let's go to the shopping list it
seems to me that having said what
a colleague of ours said, let's look this morning at
10 YouTube channels 10
YouTube channels is that 10 channels already
seem like a lot to me so many people are
talking about this topic it seems like a lot to me it's that I don't
even know if so many
youtubers are talking about the topic, I mean
10 youtubers are talking about the topic that
seems like a lot to me eh Javi how If you're going to
eat in Thailand, let's see, that's not it
Marilú, let's see, one thing is that I go on
vacation, not when the vacation dates are,
obviously, of course, like
everything  the world I'm going on vacation It's
logical normal no I mean I think that eh
we're here 350 and we're here 365 days a
year for sure eh when not on one channel
on the other everything I work every
day Sunday Saturday everything I work
every day there are days that I work more and there are
days that I work less but every day and
also a lot of hours Okay so
when the dates come to go on
vacation or the long weekends okay I go
like everyone else but man already take
and go on a Saturday night to Paris in
a private jet and come back and Come back at
noon man it would be a little no it would be
a little Shameless No well
Enjoy your meal a kiss yes that clear let's see is that there is
Dani says Cris one of the
channels surely it is Dani vital of course let's
see there is one that is Dani vital
this one that has seven channels no but I do
n't I don't watch it eh I don't watch it 10
channels I don't really watch it I mean
I'm not telling you that maybe two or three that
could have said something You know like that
louder in some live But and and I
'm telling you too much you now  same
but well 10 YouTube channels Come on let's
point out 10 YouTube channels that
have talked about the subject that have talked about the
subject let's see the lawsuits the lawsuits
are not or cannot be made because someone
has talked about the subject wizard that you
shut up the lawsuits or the complaints and it goes
through the criminal route are because they consider
that in those sites where the subject has been discussed,
some right has been infringed or violated if they believe that there has been
defamation, lies have been told whatever
false information has been skipped eh the
law of protection of minors whatever it is to
say This is not about suing
all those who are talking about the
Anabel Pantoja case but rather it is about
suing those who they consider
have violated any of the
basic rights and that is why they can
eh You can sue okay we have 10
YouTube channels what else a
collaborator a collaborator a
collaborator I can I can understand
where the shots are going says Albert who
can understand where the shots are going
I don't know I don't know why if there are many
How do you  One happens, a collaborator,
why do you think Albert says, that
is, a collaborator
m if everyone is talking about the
subject Who has said something like that more clearly?
It's that I don't watch TV 100% we don't
talk about things here, no And the clicks
that we see here but a collaborator, a
collaborator on TV, a collaborator
who do you think Albert thinks he
is specifically, I would say that he is a
collaborator who appears regularly on the
program and now they are soles and that he gives
information about courts in the Canary Islands and
that he gives information about courts in the
Canary Islands who Rossy gives information about
courts in the Canary Islands, I think that Rossy
has direct contact, no, and when she gives
information she is doing her job and you will
see several confidential ones, several
confidential ones, several confidential ones
here we don't have the number, eh, what
calls my attention is that there
are YouTube channels, number 10, several confidential ones,
what else is that, as for confidential ones, it does
n't sound to me that
any of them have crossed any line,
except for the one from the Canary Islands 7, that subject.
Look, if you still leak, eh, it's
not even, although you leak something from the
famous one, I mean  Imagine that the one who had been
admitted had been
Anabel Y and Canarias 7 publishes an
article saying something about her
health. Ugh, health issues are something
you can't publish, anything else, whether it
comes out or a
family member comments on it or someone comments on it, no. Or
that they send out a statement, okay. But you
giving a health diagnosis is something that not
even if it's a famous person, eh. Unless it's
something that was already known more or
less what it's about, I don't know the truth, it
would depend on the case, but it's very delicate,
okay, but apart from Canarias 7
mm, who did it, I mean,
nobody did it informally, what they gave was to
inform, what they commented was part of
the statement of, I mean, no, I don't
see that either because what crime would that be,
clearly what crime would that be, a
violation of what honor, there is no
violation of honor, there's no staining the
image of those people, that's why, I mean, no, I don't
know the truth, there is no other Joe,
but the thing is that Fran Fajardo was not a
collaborator as such, I mean, when I made
a collaborator  that's when I would
put Fran Fajardo in in what he says
about suing the media, I don't
know, I can't even eh, I can't even
calculate what he's
saying, kiss Maria, to a
television network, to a television network,
okay, I can imagine which one it is, okay, and to
a program, not each one, to a program and to a
program that I can also imagine
which one it is, yes, these are soles. These are soles.
And this is Antena 3. Of course,
because they have given information that
wasn't even in the
television media, someone more
specific. Okay, then we have, according to
Lidia Lozano, that a colleague would have explained it, I have
n't detected it now,
who said it first, 10
YouTube channels, one collaborator, several
confidential ones, one network, the
entire television network, you are
saying that the one
from channel 7 is considered a collaborator, I doubt it. But well, it
could be, it could be the honor and the
kids, the best of YouTube, the others
who suffer, heart, red heart, heart stick,
totally María Jesús, a
huge kiss. Thank you so much to all of you who have already
had 14 super chats.  of 50 they are not going to
silence us they are not going to silence us it could it could it could be
realize that in that case
if it is about Fran Fajardo the complaint
would be I mean the lawsuit could be and
you can sue several people
okay in the same lawsuit So it would be
a lawsuit against Antena 3 the program about
Fran Fajardo and canaras 7 it could
be and a specific television program
to see if I have to make
my particular porra of course the
television network I think we would be
talking Oh curious Antena 3
not the network that pays me and that
has me on the payroll like Tele5 well not
only because it doesn't pay you but because of
course the one that has revealed uh a guest
openly calmly there a
health issue of the little one details that perhaps had
not been given previously Well it
could be it could be that and the
television program I understand that it would
be and now they are soles which is where
the collaborator has intervened that I understand would
be this person who is
reporting that it is a first moment
about especially the legal process and
what happened and what happened in  I
remind you or I remind
Anabel Pantoja that the first program, the
first program to report on what
was happening to her daughter was Fiesta
Cadena, which is okay, man, right from the
start, first thing. Yes, of course, but
maybe what Fiesta Cadena said on
Tele5 is
n't. What are we going to see a
television program say? Anabel
Pantoja and David are being
investigated for a crime or an alleged
crime of child abuse or
injuries, that is not actionable, it is
true, it is not actionable. Now,
for a program in a program,
a collaborator or a guest to say, the
girl, the baby has a
head trauma, that could be actionable
because you're talking about the baby's health,
okay, that generates noise and
distortion for me, we're going to file a huge
lawsuit, eh, and we're going to put in the same
bag what 10 youtubers have said on their
channel, several confidential ones, a
collaborator, a chain, an entire television network
and a
television program, we're all going to put us
all in the same bag and what are we going to
say, that everything is the same. Let them
put it if they put everyone in the
same bag later  they can condemn some
and not others and those who are not condemned will have their
costs paid. Likewise, they will pay their
proportional share of the costs. So
they have all said the same things,
man, it is difficult for me, it is
difficult for me, it is difficult for me to
assimilate. Look, with respect to the
YouTube channels, which is the medium in which I
currently work or the medium in which I
am currently generating
content as a journalist, I am
tired of seeing YouTube channels that
treat information in a way that is the
antithesis of how we do it
here or how a television program does.
So if among the YouTube channels themselves
this information is already being treated differently,
well, we'll see which YouTube channels are you
referring to? Hey, I have some blisters on my
ass and in the deadlift, tesa.
Thank you very much, sweetheart, let's see, wait, let's
finish listening to the opinion, alber,
what beautiful messages. You are
putting me in the New York video, eh? I don't
think it's a video that will get
a lot of views on my channel because it's not
my theme. But hey, there are a lot of
people in the last few hours who have
sent me this.  video saying wow alber be
careful they're going to sue you well I'm
glad that from the community Or yes from
some of you are members of the community you
give Ah so clear that one of those
channels is us I am very
calm I am very calm
because I know that we are not and if we were I am very
calm because I think I can
prove eh that the only thing we have
done here to see and the New
York video is worth the New York video
you have it here okay and on the main channel
you go and watch it Okay and you support it they are going to
see it horrendous How many channels do I get that
talk about the subject okay let them talk about the subject
1 two 3 four counting us five a
kiss Laura Thank you very much for the
airplane gas 6 7 8 nu a Carmen man
of course 10 channels Yes there are talking about the
subject of course Yes because Juanca would be missing no
and some of these that do not appear
here but but of course if there are 10 channels
But he is going to sue everyone he is going to sue
everyone not even Trium it is true Trium is
also true It is true It is true the
truth is that I do not I do not see  10 channels
eh I'll tell you at the end when we're
live Well, we can all put our foot in it you
know and maybe someone has said or
let it be seen on screen I do
n't know the truth but I 10 10 channels
sued m I don't see it in the slightest eh the thing
about the television channel also from
outside eh it may seem surreal
because of course the television channel as I
tell you it's not going to be tel it's not going to be
t it's not going to be the public one So by
elimination eh we'll probably be
talking about Antena 3 television man it
seems very strange that on a
television channel tele5 where among other things they have
said that merchi couldn't stand David
that there was a plan eh an operation
called operation save David and a thousand
other things that later according to her are not
true eh is left out of all this
and we're just going to sue the
wisard what you have to do is
keep an eye on that debate on the
talk show and let me know when there's something
important or
record it from tele5 So yeah and a
specific program that curiously
what happens solang  says Solá Javier New
York is [ __ ] the worst city in the
United States Beta California or San
Francisco eh Let's see Solange those are
expensive trips no Ah That's true Darol
also deals with the subject man if there are more
than 10 if there are there must be about 15 channels maybe
that deal with the subject e Solage you
left a comment that I don't remember
in which video it was that you left something
like today but it was today that you left
something like with what I want with what I
love you and and I don't
agree at all with what you just did I don't know
what you were referring to because it's that I was like I mean I
was completely shocked because I
say What are you referring to and also I think it
was an excerpt like with Marina talking
about Jorge Javier or something like that and I say you're
wrong Miami seems to me it's more beautiful
than New York let's see I don't know either I don't know if I
want to visit all the cities in the United
States okay eh that's good Eh I
feel safer in my Seville I'm not let's
see there are things that catch my
attention not to me I'm very geeky you already
know and to me the subject of  New York
is like it was like the trip was like the
trip of my dreams because I wanted to be
there not to see the place where
so many things happen no And being there from the United
States something else that caught my
attention I really like San Francisco
because that's where
my favorite series for many
years was filmed Full House no There where they
became famous the Holsen twin
is not the emblematic bridge not of San
Francisco and so on
mm but let's see I understand that Disneyland
the Disney World this one from there the one in
Orlando no the one in California the one in
Orlando I understand that it could be a
goal to accomplish this year if
things go well for us if things go very well for me
in visits and in the trials
too and so on no that it doesn't cost me
too much I would
also like to get to know that okay What happens is that
uh It depends on how things go this year
from here until summer for example Or yes From
here until August September or something like that Maybe
that would be a goal
because I obviously have to get to know that Disney I have to get to
know that Disney but then for example Los
Angeles has always been something that
has called me  pay close attention not the subject the
Walk of Fame the Hollywood letters
no Uf But it's that I was watching some
reports eh I was watching some
reports lately and there's that ugh
no I don't want to go the truth is I don't
want to go right now at all that's what I'm
telling you right now from the United
States so I have pending is the
Disney because you know that I'm the
Disney geek so It depends on what it
costs and It depends on how things go for me eh
that would be well a next
objective You know Now it's true
that I don't travel anymore at the end of the year to a
place like that eh Well if you see my face yes you
see my face in the video in fact there's
someone who puts it in the video says
something like Javi with his face destroyed
and it's like of course there was a
thermal sensation of -3 g or so it's that it
cut off all the roll The so much
cold no we couldn't enjoy the truth
nor could we dress nice nor could we didn't
have a good face the truth in the video and it
's true But what was Solangel what you
put me do you remember What was it  what
you put me solangel people Eh yes it is and now
they are soles like me I can imagine it comes
into direct competition with the program
for which I collaborate that is late
then I don't I don't know what route
All this could have several confidential ones
the youtubers a chain like that the other with
Leticia requejo for example or Antonio
Rossi that I'm not saying that they say it badly but
that they are continuously talking about this
subject giving information I remind you that he
was sick it's true Cris I mean he
was sick
eh i